Once in a while one can find excellent 5 star hotels, well located, clean, comfortable and with all the amenities. We've found and enjoyed some of these around the world. Not so often you come across hotels that go beyond this and make you question everything else you've seen and experienced. This is one of them. The photos on the site surely don't express all the attention to detail and the harmony in the choices, the simplicity of the materials and the smell of natural essences all around. The care we received as guests and all the personalized treats made us feel at home among friends and in our opinion rank this hotel as one of the best, relaxed places in Portugal and in the world, and a sure return destination. A magical place! Every single detail seems to be well thought. Spend the night there and have dinner in the restaurant, the food was nice,  but the order took a bit to arrive. The service was very nice.       The order took a bit to arrive. The price is considered high, but in this fantastic hotel it is forgiven. The restaurant, under the command of Chef Leonardo Pereira, who worked several years in ""Nomad"" in Dina mark is absolutely wonderful. Food is made with a lot of love and respect for nature. They have their own garden, where ingredients are taken. Amazing, delicious, tasty food, which makes us happier every time a dish is served.
Dear Areas do Seixo team: we have no words to describe the wonderful place, magically decorated and the nicest customer service - I guess we dare say, a 'family-type' service, since all of you welcomed us as greatly as possible, in such a warm and elegant style. We hope that this project and team continue to grow, but always keeping the warmth that only a boutique and charming hotel like this can offer. Thank you very much for a memorable stay, please accept our most sincere greetings
The hotel is in its whole a fantastic experience. Beautiful architecture, interior decor absolutely fascinating, full of little details standing for difference. The staff is extremely nice and with excellent skills in guests communication (police, nice and discrete). With any doubts an experience to repeat.  Last note, we loved the cinema room. Excellent film selection and excellent idea. One think not as good, it was the restaurant. It took too long to the order to arrive (the employee come to apologize constantly), the monkfish come already cold and the quality/price relation is a bit unbalanced.     Starting by the best parts, the noise in Jasmin room. The fire place was all night making noises making it hard to sleep. If when we have put pillows to avoid the sound. We took several house to fall asleep, and didn't rest properly. We have just slept 3 hours and just after the wind noise go away. After that we were awake for the employees with the breakfast to the next room. The doors don't isolate the sound as they should, we have heard the employees to  whisper. The next time I consider to make a reservation I will demand a quiet room ( with shame because the room is gorgeous).
Lovely food. Thank you so much for the warm welcome, and special thank you to the staff for making us feel in heaven. This is heaven on Earth. Thank you! We will be back. Staff are wonderful. Joana, Tna, Raji, Leo, Kiki, chefs, housekeeping  girls & spa team, thank you! What a fabulous holiday and break away from London. I can't thank you enough. Hopefully see you again soon - all my love. Wonderful country which has this projects! Congratulations to owners and employees. We really enjoyed: the relaxed atmosphere, the beautiful architecture, the nature around and the amazing beach, the double shower, that everything isn't that touristic here, the authentic dinner in the wine cellar and of course the very friendly service (specially Joana S and Kiki) thank you   For the future and our next stay we hope to find some more vegan food options. Wonderful stay, rooms are incredible, staff very friendly, food excellent. Area is very nice specially for watersports. Hope to come back soon. Ps: room 1 is wonderful.
The restaurant, either for breakfast or dinner is from an unusual quality. The breakfast  schedule is something more hotels would adopt because it makes perfect sense. In addition, the fact that someone who prepares the eggs and bacon on request is stupendous. As for dining service, there are no words. I confess that I was very curious because Chef Leonardo Pereira expectations were not completely dashed. It should be noted the courage to have an open kitchen to the living room where you do not hear anything and that everything works almost like an orchestra. Spectacular!   As for the spa, the Moroccan theme is quite interesting. The quality of the massage and sympathy of both masseurs was quite high and I will repeat as soon as possible. Having no account on TripAdvisor, I decided to email my experience with my wife. Starting with the staff, only words of gratitude. Despite being a charming, 5-star hotel, the staff strives for sympathy and the unpretentious which in our view only promotes and elevates the hotel to another level. I have to thank all team. The room, the sea, is stupendous. It has almost endless views and waking up to a view like that is almost one of the best pleasures in the world. In addition, the treats left in the room as those salty squares (DIVINAL!) And cookies elevate their quality. Attention to detail, such as the lighting of candles in the evening was also to our liking. I just feel sad because the time have been little hot to be able to sunbathing by the pool, but of course that there is nothing they could have done to improve. I can only wish that everything continues to go well and you to keep your quality and sympathy, because in the end, that's what makes the difference."
Regarding the employees: Friends, from the receptionist; bar service; restaurant service; kitchen service, informality (in the form of being and dressing) and proximity to the customer is anything that makes us feel at home family. I really enjoyed the Joanas, Sergio Filipe, Gilberto Lucas (Great ""Chef"") Carina (inexhaustible power) and not forgetting that for these faces to shine there is always an entire ""staff"" that makes it appear to be very easy keep an entire structure, working properly oiled. A big Thanks to all and I assure outset that I will (I have done on Facebook) heartily recommend to all friends; acquaintances and clients to lodge in my local area located in St. Benedict / Chiado.
Once in a while one can find excellent 5 star hotels, well located, clean, comfortable and with all the amenities. We've found and enjoyed some of these around the world. Not so often you come across hotels that go beyond this and make you question everything else you've seen and experienced. This is one of them. The photos on the site surely don't express all the attention to detail and the harmony in the choices, the simplicity of the materials and the smell of natural essences all around. The care we received as guests and all the personalized treats made us feel at home among friends and in our opinion rank this hotel as one of the best, relaxed places in Portugal and in the world, and a sure return destination. A magical place! Every single detail seems to be well thought. Spend the night there and have dinner in the restaurant, the food was nice,  but the order took a bit to arrive. The service was very nice.       The order took a bit to arrive. The price is considered high, but in this fantastic hotel it is forgiven. The restaurant, under the command of Chef Leonardo Pereira, who worked several years in ""Nomad"" in Dina mark is absolutely wonderful. Food is made with a lot of love and respect for nature. They have their own garden, where ingredients are taken.
We loved the room, the environment, food. People are very nice. Not so good would enhance the pool area. A day that are more than 5 couples in the pool (and should happen often) there is no room / bed for all.  I think it could be improved a bit this aspect. However, I tried to talk to Yiulyia namely the possibility of organizing a party in Areas do Seixo and they can not receive me, and despite having already sent an email 3 days ago also did not have any answer. I think we can improve this point as well. I will if you give me your sourdough recipe!!! Honestly, your hotel is absolutely amazing and I will go onto tripadvisor. When we came 2 years ago the food was the only let down but it is truly spectacular now.  But really well done, just incredible.
Dear  Daniella. Just back home after a very nice roundtrip in north and central Portugal. We specially want to thank you for our  fantastic stay in your hotel. Next time we really hope to stay longer in Santa Cruz beach.
We appreciate the perfect reception upon our arrival and also your kindly and lovely smile! After travelling the world round  finally we discovered that  heaven  exist ( but only )  on earth and in Portugal. Be sure that we will inform our colleagues specialized  in Vip Travel in Belgium. Once again 1000 x thanks.
You have asked for our feedback on our stay (one night on June 18). We found your hotel excellent and everything was impeccable. Our only concern is that there's not much in the area, but if one wants to relax this is the ideal place. Well done!! We love the decoration. I hereby give my opinion regarding our day stay June 21, 2015. There was a month ago chose the Areias do Seixo to spend our first honeymoon night and nothing could have been better. It was really magical. You do have a place where time stands still, where the beauty is unparalleled. And we always thought about going back and so was. A year later we returned to celebrate that date and we faced an extremely unpleasant situation. When we met in the tub all was well until we turn the jacuzzi and immediately came a nauseating smell and we had to get out of the tub immediately. Baffled by the situation we were watching the water and this was in full of green slime coming out of air vents through which the bubbles are formed. Later when we passed by the reception we reported the event to the employee very gently and shocked by what she had told asked immense apology.
In conclusion meant that incidents do happen although this shows a lack of care by the maintenance of the resort. As described on booking.com: ""Get the celebrity treatment with world-class service at Areas Do Seixo Charm Hotel & Residences"". With this it creates a great expectation treatment. And so we were surprised with the result of our complaint was only an apology. Like any other couple travel a lot and already we passed many hotels and in the middle of so many positive experiences from time to time happen less pleasant situations but has always given us an apology followed by attention to the client. Thing not obtained by the Areias do Seixo and which left us a bit disappointed. With regard to your request to share our experience with the tripadvisor consider doing it before but we wanted to give you our feedback. I would like to thank you so much for everything. Last weekend my parents celebrated their 30th wedding anniversary in your hotel.
They told me, it was fantastic and the best gift ever, from my sisters and I. So thanks a lot. I can not think of a great idea for a text that describes you faithfully words occur. A fabulous retreat that I really want to go back and will never forget. As requested, this is just a short email with some feedback on our stay. Overall we loved our visit to Areas do Seixo and definitely plan to return. The location is wonderful, the accommodation superb and the service was excellent. Many thanks to all of the staff who made our visit so enjoyable.
The food is a marvelous experience, always some new flavors to try! And Philippe and his master gin experiments we definitely recommended - please get a few more gins. thank you all! You made us feel welcome and loved, and we loved every minute of our visit here! Thank you for these good moments! Hotel, wonderful staff! Beautiful place, warm welcome. Amazing atmosphere. One of our favorite new places!! Just beautiful!! Philip was the best!!!!
Once in a while one can find excellent 5 star hotels, well located, clean, comfortable and with all the amenities. We've found and enjoyed some of these around the world. Not so often you come across hotels that go beyond this and make you question everything else you've seen and experienced. This is one of them. The photos on the site surely don't express all the attention to detail and the harmony in the choices, the simplicity of the materials and the smell of natural essences all around. The care we received as guests and all the personalized treats made us feel at home among friends and in our opinion rank this hotel as one of the best.